PROUD group contribution from 2021 WTD style guide group, thank you all: command line, release notes, edits, fixes, and other sections (#1501)
writethedocs/www: docs/guide/writing/style-guides.md

Other useful resources:

- [18F US Government Content Guide](https://content-guide.18f.gov)

> - [DigitalOcean Documentation Style Guide](<https://docs.digitalocean.com/style/>

Reviewer: I think you want 

```
[DigitalOcean Documentation Style Guide](https://docs.digitalocean.com/style/)
```

Some example of great release notes:

- [Slack](https://slack.com/release-notes/mac)
- [Jira](https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver/upgrade-matrix-966063322.html)
- [Google Ad Manager](https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/10290437)
- [DataStax](https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse/6.8/dse-admin/datastax_enterprise/releaseNotes/releaseNotes.html)
- [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/releases/)
- [madcap](https://kb.madcapsoftware.com/Content/Flare/General/GEN1066F_-_Flare_2021_Release_Notes.htm)
- [teamwork.](https://www.teamwork.com/roadmap)
- [Unreal Engine](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/WhatsNew/Builds/index.html)

What to Avoid:

- [App Release Notes Are Getting Stupid - TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2015/09/04/app-release-notes-are-getting-stupid/)

Related talks:

- [Learning to love release notes](http://www.writethedocs.org/videos/prague/2018/learning-to-love-release-notes-anne-edwards/) at Write the Docs Prague 2018
- [Alexander Koren - Rethinking Release Notes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWduFnDPjYg) at Write the Docs Australia 2019

### Error messages

> Mistakes in software are unavoidable. Users might click a link that turns out to be broken or they might perform an action only to be met with an error. When a user encounters a problem, it's important to write error messages in a way that doesn't alienate the user.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I would personally call that a 'mistake' though. The click is intentional, even if the link is broken. How about this? 

```suggestion
Errors in software are unavoidable. Users might click a link that turns out to be broken or they might perform an action only to be met with an unexpected outcome. When a user encounters a problem, it's important to write error messages in a way that doesn't alienate the user.
```

- [Release notes guidelines -- Rackspace](https://docs.rackspace.com/docs/style-guide/release-notes-guidelines/)
- [Release notes and changelogs -- Unity Docs Style Guide](https://unity-docs.gitbook.io/style-guide/style/release-notes)
- [The Importance of Writing Release Notes -- Testlodge](https://blog.testlodge.com/importance-of-writing-release-notes/)
- [Transforming Your Release Notes into Product Announcements -- Parlor](https://www.parlor.io/blog/transforming-your-release-notes-into-product-announcements/)
- [The art of writing great release notes -- UX Collective](https://uxdesign.cc/the-art-of-writing-great-release-notes-6607e22efae1)
- [The art of writing Release Notes A guide, examples & template -- Slite](https://slite.com/learn/release-notes)
- [The best and the worst app release notes that will inspire you -- announcekit](https://announcekit.app/blog/the-best-and-the-worst-app-release-notes-that-will-inspire-you)

Examples of great release notes:

- [DataStax DSE](https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse/6.8/dse-admin/datastax_enterprise/releaseNotes/releaseNotes.html)

> - [Digital Ocean](<https://docs.digitalocean.com/release-notes/>

Reviewer: same here
